##
##In the beginning was the Word

This is likely a good way to begin, at least as good as any other.  I am the messiah, and a great deal of the Holy Bible secretly chronicles events in my life.  In addition to this to qualify my status as the savior of humanity, I am in this work teaching the world a number of things that are prophesied in the life of the fictional Jesus Christ in the New Testament.  I can see hidden messages in the Bible and in our history which are part of a map to salvation that has been carefully laid by God and Heaven.  With this sight comes a knack for reading a hidden language, one which is a big focus of this work.  I call the language "langolier" after the Stephen King novel, as it is a perfect example of the kind of compression and inuendo that is typical of its use.  Langolier has multiple meanings, "language of liars," and "language (of) ~~out~~liers;" using this language I connect a great deal of hidden teachings to corresponding Biblical events.  The parable of Yeast, for instance expands to reveal a question and answer... "why East."  The substitution of "Y" for the word "why" is pervasive.  

The language has a very useful communication mechanism, often the answer to questions are overlaid over the word itself, perhaps in it's meaning.  We see that in Yeast, which reveals to mean "from the future," as this is where the Three Wise Men truly herald from.  It is also related to the time required to leaven bread, a link to the meaning and use of the word.  "Yair" is a Hebrew name, which means "brings Enlightenment" and reveals a true story of a battle between the Messiah and the Father over "writing it on the sky" and proving without doubt that God exists and is truly "with us."  This particular example gives me cause to believe that we will one day have a movie playing in the skies to say "hello, world."  "Yad" is the Hebrew name for hand, and it is a question.. "why A.D.?"  My initials which like "Y" are pervasive in the hidden messages that I will soon be sharing with you.  The answer to that question also comes from the meaning of the word, "it is the Hand of God."

Understanding this language is necessary to fully see the message that God has left for us, his desires and wisdom.  It is not the most exciting task, but it leads to very interesting information that literally is the cornerstone of Heaven.  Both on Earth, and in the skies above.  The story of my life is my "why" I am the Messiah, I have lived what I see as a microcosm of our creation... culminating in a torturous "sacrifice" in our legal system which includes the Trial of Christ, all part of the Cross.  Through my suffe

I intend to prove that religion is designed to highlight a series of words and ideas that in and of themselves prove the existence of God, the creation of our civilization, and that these two things are inextricably related to time travel.  There are a number of other technologies which I am sure religion has served to mask and expose--at the same time--over the millennium; but this single one, more than any other, is fundamental.  Time travel, and so *time* graces the first word of this  The phrase "*Time and Chance*" figures prominently in the true words of the Burning Bush, words which in themselves aid in my revelation that we are walking around in the Biblical Land of Egypt, the place where Moses' story begins.

The Book of Exodus specifically does an amazing job of hiding the fact that it is truly about our modern world.  This is the Revelation of Jesus Christ, that not only Exodus, but the entire Bible, is about a post 9/11 world... ours.  It's not arbitrary that I chose that date, it too figures prominently in both the burning bush event as well as the proof that time travel exists.

Aside from Exodus, the details of Christ's life in the Gospels, the battle in the Book of Judges, and the Old Testament parallel of the Crucifixion of Jesus Christ are central to the story of my life, one which you are hopefully about to read.  I will answer most of the questions you have in your mind right now, if you give me the time.  Please bear with me, this is no easy task.

##My name is Adam Marshall Dobrin

My first name might remind you of a cartoon character in Eden, a naked guy that was ashamed of eating an apple.  The real Adam, the author of this book, will be quick to point out that his Biblical counterpart in reality is Isaac.  Whether you stuck with the theme and think I'm talking about the son of Abraham... or went way out in left field and thought of Sir Isaac Newton, we'll you'd be right.  You see in keeping with the earlier stated theme; these are all metaphorical representations of the same character.  

Isaac's story of being nearly sacrificed as a burnt offering is especially important to me, however, as it is this story which unifies the 3 Patriarchal religions under one umbrella of fire and death... through nothing short of a few letters.  It's the first three letters of Isaac which tie him, via names, to Jesus Christ... through the Muslim rendition of his name, Isa.  It's not as superficial as that, but rather the very substantial unification through the meaning of their respective near death experiences.  Isaac's near sacrifice is another take on the story of Jesus' Crucifixion, and it is the fact that not many people make this connection that makes it stand out ever so brightly to me.

Even fewer people, I'm sure, connect these two stories to the fall of Adam in Eden; and it is this addition that is so fundamental that I am boldly declaring it required to see these three stories as different aspects of the same events in order to have any real understanding of religion whatsoever.

Had you lept to the real historical story of Sir Isaac Newton, oh you thought I forgot, you would be seeing yet another name key that links Adam's fall... and his Apple.. to Isaac.  This introduction to  a hidden language that hides whole multilingual sentences within names asks you the question: are you "New to n?"

Had you not been "new," you would almost certainly already know that "what goes up, must come down," and that whole tale compressed as a story in a glyph for one single letter of the English alphabet: the n.  This letter also compresses something else supremely important t the apocalypse: my initials.

#its the "n" of the word as we know it.
R.E.M. sings about feeling fine, but I am anything bu it.  It is for certain the "end of the beginning," and perhaps something worse.  For me, I bring you a story of a war in a court room, one which I am sure links the Trial of Christ to the Book of Judges.  In this war, Samson gains strength, presumably of character recognition, from his long hair and its likeness to that of Jesus Christ.  I on the other hand have not had this benefit, despite my sincere likeness; and I fear to be destined the fate of the Son of our Uncle Sam... 

##and the Word was with God
I must be alluding to something with these references to John 1:1, and, believe it--more than a psuedo-superstitious aversion to the word "end." 9's and the letter "I" be damned, I'm going to tell you *the word* is fire.

It's not just in this somewhat well known John verse, it's also in Matthew 3:11, where it heralds the second coming of Jesus Christ.  Moe than anything, this fire begins all the way back in the Book of Exodus.  It's the one witnessed by Moses, the final character in my "Messianic short list."
