# The Light of Heaven

All around us we have a hidden message that is designed to be sought and contemplated.  There is a plan to help our civilization grow with technology, and overcome social awkwardness... "growing pains" that come with the rapid learning and growing process that we are literally right in the middle of.  It is about seeking a more perfect society, making our home "heavenly."  The technology that is just over the cusp of our reach is literally the building blocks of the place we know as Heaven.  If you think about it, the fact that we are destined to "build it" puts the true touch of perfection ... our dreams to become reality.

Finding God’s message is a little tricky, you see he speaks through us...  Humanity is the big H.. the big horn of Revelation... until we are aware that this megaphone is pointed squarely at us.  There is a beautiful message, we are weaving it, and seeking it has given me true happiness.  I hope to help share how to see the message in places like our music and science fiction.  There’s a little shift in perspective, and the world brightens and becomes filled with wisdom, some criticism, and what is decidedly a very loving and intelligent hand.  Of course, your agreement with that point of view is part of the reason the message is available for all to see.  

There is caution called for as we move forward adapting to the changing environment that new technologies always bring.  Other changes are so inevitable and utopic that we might wonder a little why we have not moved more quickly.  In truth, our gift of learning is the apocalypse... a truth delivered slowly so that we can ensure we are happy moving forward.
We are in a position of great blessing and also great responsibility.  There is probably also quite a bit of joy and continued love as our family grows larger... a global community.

Above all else, the message I see reminds us of the sacredness of our minds.  Who and what we are is very special, and we must always ensure the protection of freedom and safety to all.  As you might imagine, there is a significant amount of urging to become more open and transparent in everything we do. 

It is a big part of the story of Eden.  I’m not sure if I should welcome you as lions or brothers and sisters... but awareness of creation and purpose is the place that we call “home.”  We are Lions in the Biblical sense... the heart of the word “civilization” is us and “at..” @; the symbol for the world searching for Adam.  

Ka-ur-z-we-il, Is-Ai-ah, Sam-ur-Ai, and AD-on-Ai are hints that Artificial Intelligence is “at hand,” and a big part of our civilization already.   Also important are the warnings that have come to us in movies like The Matrix, WarGames, and the Terminator... and to see that these cautions are coming *Ex Machina*.
