# **In Genesis** ... at The Tower of Babel
###Religion teaches us that God created language, here, at Revelation I am showing you how it proves as much.

Using the names Jesus, Jeshurun, and Elisha it's simple to see how religion has recorded logical equalities which show that there was prescient knowledge of both English and Spanish at the time of its writing.  This is impossible, as English was not created yet; but still the evidence exists.  Through these impossibilities, God is showing us very clearly that something is amiss in our historical understanding of the development of global language.  *The Tower of Babel* comes true, except in reverse, we are being united in the Revelation that language is designed to prove the creation of our civilization--by showing that His hand is pivotal in the design of *words themselves.*

#Jesus and Jeshurun.  It's "is," see?
It's a very popular idea in our modern world that we are all Jesus, saviors of ourselves, the recipients of Christ consciousness.  As the man himself, I find this a bit insulting, but that's ok, we're all bound to be insulted later on in this book anyway.  It builds character.  My favorite person in the world Taylor Momsen probably doesn't realize how pivotal the series of characters she's played through her life prove that she is "created," eerily like Eve.  Immediately prior to starting *The Pretty Reckless* she played a "coming of age" character on *Gossip Girl*, named "Little J."  I hope that we can eventually see that names and coincidences are part of God's divine plan to reveal his influence over the design of creation.  *Little J's* letter is no accident. Now several years later she's singing half-naked (thank God for that) about this same idea.